capital = 967
set_oob = "ITA_1936_nsb"

starting_train_buffer = 1.5

set_research_slots = 4
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.3
add_ideas = {
	ITA_AIR_1_ideas
}
add_manpower = 764210

set_convoys = 200

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1934.3.26"
	election_frequency = 60
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 30
	fascism = 5
	communism = 65
}
set_rule = {
	can_be_called_to_war = no
}
FRA = { add_to_faction = ITA }

recruit_character = ITA_benito_mussolini
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_iii
recruit_character = ITA_ferruccio_parri
recruit_character = ITA_palmiro_togliatti
recruit_character = ITA_rodolfo_graziani
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_badoglio
recruit_character = ITA_emilio_de_bono
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_cavallero
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_messe
recruit_character = ITA_sebastiano_visconti_prasca
recruit_character = ITA_ubaldo_soddu
recruit_character = ITA_italo_balbo

recruit_character = ITA_ettore_bastico
recruit_character = ITA_italo_gariboldi
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_pintor
recruit_character = ITA_mario_berti
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_geloso
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_tellera
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_zingales
recruit_character = ITA_ezio_rosi
recruit_character = ITA_mario_vercellino
recruit_character = ITA_prince_filiberto
recruit_character = ITA_prince_adalberto
recruit_character = ITA_prince_umberto
recruit_character = ITA_alessandro_pirzio_biroli
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_vecchiarelli
recruit_character = ITA_mario_robotti
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_baldassarre
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_guillet
recruit_character = ITA_annibale_bergonzoli
recruit_character = ITA_hamid_idris_awate
recruit_character = ITA_ibrahim_farag_mohammed
recruit_character = ITA_mario_ricci
recruit_character = ITA_norma_barbolini
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_longo
recruit_character = ITA_ada_gobetti
recruit_character = ITA_randolfo_pacciardi
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_pieche
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_duca
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_de_stefanis
recruit_character = ITA_prince_aimone

recruit_character = ITA_inigo_campioni
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_da_zara
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_fioravanzo
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_bergamini
recruit_character = ITA_angelo_iachino
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_di_bartolo
recruit_character = ITA_junio_valerio_borghese

recruit_character = ITA_alfredo_guzzoni
recruit_character = ITA_renato_sandalli
recruit_character = ITA_francesco_pricolo
recruit_character = ITA_silvio_scaroni
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_ambrosio
recruit_character = ITA_arturo_riccardi
recruit_character = ITA_mario_roatta
recruit_character = ITA_marziale_cerutti
recruit_character = ITA_ettore_muti
recruit_character = ITA_gaetano_crocco
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_mascherpa
recruit_character = ITA_domenico_cavagnari
recruit_character = ITA_amedeo_mecozzi
recruit_character = ITA_rino_corso_fougier
recruit_character = ITA_giacomo_acerbo
recruit_character = ITA_giovanni_marinelli
recruit_character = ITA_serafino_mazzolini
recruit_character = ITA_roberto_farinacci
recruit_character = ITA_ivanoe_bonomi
recruit_character = ITA_luigi_einaudi
recruit_character = ITA_amadeo_bordiga
recruit_character = ITA_paolo_thaon_di_revel
recruit_character = ITA_dino_grandi
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_scorza
recruit_character = ITA_gian_galeazzo_ciano

recruit_character = ITA_alberto_pariani
recruit_character = ITA_romeo_bernotti
recruit_character = ITA_aldo_pellegrini
recruit_character = ITA_achille_starace
recruit_character = ITA_renato_ricci
recruit_character = ITA_carlo_favagrossa
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_beneduce
recruit_character = ITA_guido_jung
recruit_character = ITA_adelchi_serena
recruit_character = ITA_curzio_malaparte
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_bottai
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_pesenti
recruit_character = ITA_fausto_gullo
recruit_character = ITA_giulio_paggio
recruit_character = ITA_ignazio_silone
recruit_character = ITA_vittorio_emanuele_orlando
recruit_character = ITA_mario_scelba
recruit_character = ITA_guido_de_ruggiero
recruit_character = ITA_enrico_fermi
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_tarchiani
recruit_character = ITA_giuseppe_borea
recruit_character = ITA_raffaele_de_courten

recruit_character = ITA_sandro_pertini
recruit_character = ITA_pietro_d_acquarone
recruit_character = ITA_alberto_de_stefani
recruit_character = ITA_ugo_luca
recruit_character = ITA_pompeo_colajanni
recruit_character = ITA_alcide_de_gasperi
recruit_character = ITA_comitato_di_liberazione_nazionale
recruit_character = ITA_papa_pio_xi
recruit_character = ITA_papa_pio_xii
recruit_character = ITA_antonio_gramsci

recruit_character = ITA_haile_selassie_gugsa_doppleganger
recruit_character = ITA_abba_jofir_doppleganger
recruit_character = ITA_hailu_tekle_haymanot_doppleganger
recruit_character = ITA_seyoum_mengesha_doppleganger

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1

	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	armored_car1 = 1

	paratroopers = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1

	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1

	basic_train = 1

	gwtank_chassis = 1
	basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
	engine_tech_1 = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1

	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1

	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	improved_depth_charges = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	sonar = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1

	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_light_shell = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_medium_shell = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1 
	basic_heavy_shell = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

	transport = 1

	iw_small_airframe = 1
	basic_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	basic_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1
	early_bombs = 1
	armor_piercing_bombs = 1
	photo_reconnaisance = 1
	air_torpedoe_1 = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1
	engines_2 = 1
	aircraft_construction = 1
	range_improvements = 1

	naval_buildings_tech = 1

	fuel_silos = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	fuel_refining = 1

	basic_machine_tools = 1
	improved_machine_tools = 1
	improved_equipment_conversion = 1
	construction1  = 1
	excavation1 = 1
	construction2 = 1
	excavation2 = 1
	
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	radio = 1
	radio_detection = 1
	decimetric_radar = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
}

create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "1936年型軽戦車"
		type = light_tank_chassis_2
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_auto_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 0
		}
		icon = "GFX_basic_light_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "1936年型航空母艦"
		type = ship_hull_carrier_1
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			    fixed_ship_deck_slot_1 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_deck_slot_2 = ship_deck_space
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = carrier_ship_engine_2
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_deck_space
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_armor_carrier_deck
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "1936年型戦艦"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_2
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "1936年型巡洋戦艦"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_2
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_3
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_c_1
				front_1_custom_slot =  ship_heavy_battery_3
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "1936年型軽巡洋艦"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "1936年型重巡洋艦"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_3
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "1936年型駆逐艦"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		parent_version = 1
		modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = dp_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = ship_sonar_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "1936年型潜水艦"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = ENG_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 1
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			}
	}

	create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "1936年型戦闘機" 
			type = small_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_4x
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = drop_tanks
			}
		}

		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "1936年型近接航空支援機" 
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = empty
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = drop_tanks
				special_type_slot_2 = dive_brakes_small
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "1936年型艦上攻撃機" 
			type = cv_small_plane_naval_bomber_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = drop_tanks
				special_type_slot_2 = fuel_tanks_small
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "1936年型艦載戦闘機" 
			type = cv_small_plane_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_4x
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = drop_tanks
				special_type_slot_2 = fuel_tanks_small
			}
		}